Returns Policy
Kmart Online Returns Policy

Returning Kmart Online products

We will offer a refund/ exchange on most products purchased at Kmart Online. If you are not completely satisfied with your product, return it to us for a refund / and or exchange. Please refer to the full Kmart Policy for details.

How to return a product ordered on Kmart Online

Products ordered at Kmart Online can be returned to our stores. You will need your tax invoice (email receipt) as information on this is needed as proof of purchase. For change of mind return/exchange, delivery fee is non-refundable.

Faulty Product

Contact the Customer Service Centre on Toll Free 1800 051 800 (9am to 5pm Monday to Friday). Please refer to the full Kmart Policy for details. If you are unable to go to one of our stores, we will pick up the product for you.

Damaged or Incorrect Product delivered

We apologise for the inconvenience, we will resend the correct item to you as soon as we can. Contact the Customer Service Centre on Toll Free 1800 051 800 (9am to 5pm Monday to Friday).


Kmart In Store Returns Policy

Change of Mind Returns

If you wish to return an item because you have changed your mind about your purchase, Kmart will offer you an exchange voucher or refund provided that:

    You return the item within 28 days of purchase;
    You produce your original Kmart register receipt at the timeyou return the item
    The item is in resaleable condition including that:
        It is in its original packaging, including instruction manuals and all accessories;
        It is unworn, unopened, unused and in its original condition;
        Any sew-in labels are still attached; and
        In the case of computer games, CDs and DVDs the original security seal or shrink wrap is intact and that:
    The product is not one on which a change of mind return is not available (see below).

If these requirements are not satisfied Kmart reserves the right not to offer an exchange voucher or refund for change of mind returns.

Goods on which a change of mind return is not available

Kmart will not accept the return of items from the following categories under the change of mind returns policy under any circumstances:

    Cosmetics and fragrances
    Hosiery
    Underwear
    Swimwear
    Printer cartridges
    Bedding accessories (for example, mattress and pillow protectors)

These products can still be returned if they are faulty, not fit for purpose or do not match the sample or description.

Other Returns

Kmart will accept product returns and provide you with an exchange voucher, refund or repair where:

    The product is faulty or is not of merchantable quality, or
    The product is not fit for its intended purpose, or
    The product does not match the sample or our description; and

You can present your Kmart register receipt or other adequate proof of purchase.

Please note, in the case of electrical and electronic products (see definition below), tents and gazebos, BBQs and motorised products Kmart may elect to return the product to the manufacturer's repair agent to determine the nature of the problem. If the product is determined to be faulty, not of merchantable quality, not fit for purpose or not matching a description or sample Kmart will offer a repair, exchange voucher or refund.

If you cannot present your Kmart register receipt or other acceptable proof of purchase Kmart reserves the right not to offer a refund or exchange.

In the case of electrical and electronic products, tents and gazebos, BBQs, and motorised products Kmart will be happy to refer you to the manufacturer's customer service hotline for assistance with operating difficulties or product repairs.

The manufacturer's customer hotline number should be included with the information supplied with your product. For your convenience our manufacturers' customer hotlines are also listed on Kmart's website www.kmart.com.au and available in store.

Where you seek a refund for any item that was purchased as part of a 'deal', Kmart may refund the price in accordance with deal eligibility. No refund will be given on free items and any refund amount may be recalculated if your return results in deal eligibility no longer being met.

Operating Difficulties

If you are experiencing operating difficulties with electrical, electronic or other similar products we recommend you first contact the manufacturer's customer hotline before returning the product. Many operating difficulties can be quickly solved with the right advice.

The manufacturer's customer hotline number should be included with the information supplied with your product. For your convenience our manufacturers' customer hotlines are also listed on Kmart's website www.kmart.com.au and available in store.
Kmart reserves the right to:

Assess the condition and age of returned goods prior to offering a repair, exchange or refund. This may result in a repair, exchange or refund being refused.

Please note:

    Your original Kmart register receipt is the best form of proof of purchase
    Refunds will be issued using your original payment method
    Refunds will not be provided for the purchase of gift cards. Gift cards are not redeemable for cash.
    Please return any accessories and manuals supplied with product
    Electrical and Electronic products include digital cameras, computers, satellite navigation products, mobile phones, phones, game consoles, game console games and computer games and other software, iPods, MP3 players and downloadable products including iTunes, phone cards and mobile recharge vouchers, ringtones, wallpapers and games).


For a full list of manufacturer's customer hotlines click here

